Oh Miss Bai, oh Miss Bai
Start putting on your new cosmeceutical
I'm still waiting to make money from mass production soon
Two wives
You take your seats first
I'll introduce new products to you right away.
Who is he?
I am the business of the company.
This time, I will introduce the new products of our company.
Oh, Miss Bai
How can you find such a person as an assistant?
The smell of bad perfume
Ladies, don't get me wrong.
I wouldn't dare to use someone of this quality as an assistant
What are you doing if you are not an assistant?
Mrs. Zhou
What's the matter, this is Mr. Chen
I just want to hear Miss Bai introduce new products.
In the end, you sent a cat and a dog to preside over the meeting
Why don't you pay attention to my meaningful investment?
Two wives
This time, our new product planning is all done by me alone.
He Bai Fangyu just helped me
Just change the recipe
He is unaware of many product details and innovations
This lady
Who doesn't know that we Chacha are Mr. Chen's good helpers?
The company's major projects
And this is just an ordinary employee of the company who hates to eat
That's right, Meicha is the general responsibility for this product.
He really knows the product.
Don't worry, ladies.
Our new products will not disappoint you. Since Mr. Chen is so confident
The two ladies might as well sit down
Let's take a look at the new products
Ladies and gentlemen, the latest concept of our company's new products is high-end quality
People-friendly price
Even with a monthly salary of 3,000, you can easily own it
So what kind of ingredients are used in the new product to maintain high-end quality?
Our main ingredients are